okay so we are uh coming out of uh
executive session at
909 or 9:10 pm
um I
would I'll I'll start uh I'd like to
make a motion that
um and Eric I apologize test his last
name sorry g g us
G us gr us okay I'd like to make a
motion that we approve uh the contract
for the community and Senior Center
Director for a test grow I'll second all
right further discussion all those in
favor I I all right um I'll just keep
doing these I'd like to make a motion
that we uh approve the building of the
four bike boxes um next to the community
room exit
U after approval of the design or the
layout from being to be provided by uh
Eric Anderson with all four of the boxes
to be
electrified
second and seconded that further
discussion on
[Music]
hold
on can you guys hear me yes okay all
right all in favor all those in
favor I I all right and um I make a
motion that we approve Eric Anderson's
contract with the removal of the one
section related to uh bike
box second
that okay we'll let Jeff Murray second
that one okay Scott is that okay all
right all those in favor
I okay is there anything else we need to
do before we
adjourn no okay um I'll keep going I
make a motion to journ one second second
there all second all those in favor I
all right thank you very much everybody
Co thank you thanks Eric cheers yeah